Document creating, dropping and listing lookup indexes (#1075)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

| `ON HOME GRAPH` for privilege commands        | Syntax        | Added         | New syntax for privileges affecting home graph
| `ON DEFAULT DATABASE` for privilege commands  | Syntax        | Deprecated    | Replaced by `ON HOME DATABASE`
| `ON DEFAULT GRAPH` for privilege commands     | Syntax        | Deprecated    | Replaced by `ON HOME GRAPH`

> | `CREATE [BTREE] INDEX [name] FOR ()-[r:TYPE]-() ON (r.prop) [OPTIONS {...}]`  | Functionality | Added | Allows creating indexes on relationships. They are dropped using their name.

Reviewer: Now when we have Lookup indexes which also can be described as `creating indexes on relationships`, it might be nice to add something about properties in that sentence.

> | `CREATE [BTREE] INDEX [name] FOR ()-[r:TYPE]-() ON (r.prop) [OPTIONS {...}]`  | Functionality | Added | Allows creating indexes on relationships with a particular relationship type and property combination. They are dropped using their name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `CREATE [BTREE] INDEX [name] FOR ()-[r:TYPE]-() ON (r.prop) [OPTIONS {...}]`  | Functionality | Added | Allows creating indexes on relationships with a particular relationship type and property combination. They can be dropped by using their name.
```

> | `CREATE LOOKUP INDEX [name] FOR (n) ON EACH labels(n) [OPTIONS {}]`           | Functionality | Added | Create lookup index for nodes with any labels. They are dropped using their name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `CREATE LOOKUP INDEX [name] FOR (n) ON EACH labels(n) [OPTIONS {}]`           | Functionality | Added | Create lookup index for nodes with any labels. They can be dropped by using their name.
```

> | `CREATE LOOKUP INDEX [name] FOR ()-[r]-() ON [EACH] type(r) [OPTIONS {}]`     | Functionality | Added | Create lookup index for relationships with any types. They are dropped using their name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `CREATE LOOKUP INDEX [name] FOR ()-[r]-() ON [EACH] type(r) [OPTIONS {}]`     | Functionality | Added | Create lookup index for relationships with any types. They can be dropped by using their name.
```
